apps/documentation/src/app/pages/components/chart-summary/index.md, before:

# {{ NgDocPage.title }}

## Overview

A stack of summary cards that display information about each data layer on the chart. The summary information will be updated dynamically to reflect the data points that are currently visible on the chart.

## Example

{{ NgDocActions.demo("ChartSummaryDemoComponent", { expanded: true, defaultTab: "HTML" }) }}

```ts
// app.module.ts
import { FhirChartModule, FhirChartSummaryModule } from "@elimuinformatics/ngx-charts-on-fhir";

@NgModule({
  imports: [/* ... */ FhirChartModule, FhirChartSummaryModule],
  providers: [{ provide: SummaryService, useClass: ScatterDataPointSummaryService, multi: true }],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

## Summary Services

This component uses the provided `SummaryService` implementations to generate the content for each summary card. It requires at least one `SummaryService` that is capable of summarizing each layer. If more than one service is capable of a summarizing a layer, it will use the one that comes first in the providers array. Charts-on-FHIR comes with a few built-in summary services. Applications can create additional services to customize the summary information or add support for other types of data.

- `ScatterDataPointSummaryService` computes basic statistics for numerical data
- `HomeMeasurementSummaryService` computes combined statistics for layers with both home and clinic measurements
- `MedicationSummaryService` shows a list of the patient's medications

## API Reference

- `FhirChartSummaryComponent`

Commit message:

Responsive summary cards with no scrolling (#178)
* expandable charts

* dynamic table grid layout and 2d array support

* fix dynamic table col width

* fix summary width in app grid

* changed order of summary rows

* expandable cards with partial backdrop

* revert expandable graphs

* changed lifecycle service plugin name

* documentation

* fixed tests, removed unused modules

* bug fixes

* unit tests

* lifecycle service tests

* dynamic-table unit tests

* made autoAlign opt-in, fixed patient app layout

* updated documentation

apps/documentation/src/app/pages/components/chart-summary/index.md, after:

# {{ NgDocPage.title }}

## Overview

A stack of summary cards that display information about each data layer on the chart. The summary information will be updated dynamically to reflect the data points that are currently visible on the chart. If a summary card gets too small to display all of the content, it can be expanded to full size by clicking on it.

## Inputs

| Name      | Type      | Default | Description                                                                                  |
| --------- | --------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| autoAlign | `boolean` | `false` | If set to `true`, each summary card will be vertically aligned with the corresponding chart. |

When `autoAlign` is set to `true`, the height of each card is determined by the height of the corresponding chart.
This should only be used when the chart and summary components are used in a horizontal layout.
If the chart and summary are arranged vertically, `autoAlign` should be set to false.

## Example

{{ NgDocActions.demo("ChartSummaryDemoComponent", { expanded: true, defaultTab: "HTML" }) }}

```ts
// app.module.ts
import { FhirChartModule, FhirChartSummaryModule } from "@elimuinformatics/ngx-charts-on-fhir";

@NgModule({
  imports: [/* ... */ FhirChartModule, FhirChartSummaryModule],
  providers: [{ provide: SummaryService, useClass: ScatterDataPointSummaryService, multi: true }],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

## Summary Services

This component uses the provided `SummaryService` implementations to generate the content for each summary card. It requires at least one `SummaryService` that is capable of summarizing each layer. If more than one service is capable of a summarizing a layer, it will use the one that comes first in the providers array. Charts-on-FHIR comes with a few built-in summary services. Applications can create additional services to customize the summary information or add support for other types of data.

- `ScatterDataPointSummaryService` computes basic statistics for numerical data
- `HomeMeasurementSummaryService` computes combined statistics for layers with both home and clinic measurements
- `MedicationSummaryService` shows a list of the patient's medications

## API Reference

- `FhirChartSummaryComponent`
